[Music]
Godzilla Big in Japan deep purple cape F
prico they look for chich and Chong everywhere I go flipping tables cashing
checks Down The Yellow Brick Road with the flowers of
evil The Men Who laugh more gr shiny trees with magic
beans Darkness through dreams hit them with the weight of the
Triple Beam Elemental be CH L doing my thing purple cush
blazing psychic powerful dreamer with the G
green
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon so nice to
be with you here tonight on initiating apocalypse I've got to put out a warning
here I've got to let people know that this history that we're going to look at
tonight is so edgy it may make you feel certain ways
that you don't want to
feel I know all of satanic congregation comes here just for that I understand
that for the rest of you buckle up because this material is
tight tonight okay he what I want to do is I want to start this off with a
purification I want us to focus tonight my job is to bring you an
aalon I am here to bring you an image we've already walked through the
initiation we've already been there now it's time to activate our aolone it's
time for us to do what our ancestors did before people came along and said you
can't do that anymore and we're g to burn all your books yeah yeah so let's get into it
tonight and we're going to do that by purifying this place as this time machine keeps working we gotta Mist it
we gotta fumigate it bring it in chewy let's look at
[Music]
fate [Music]
[Applause]
Moira gorgeous um that is who we are peeling to tonight to clean up this
place the edge that I told you you would feel tonight that edge is the Sword of
Justice that's the sword of Lady Justice tonight we bring in Yahoo where's that
whip where's that whip I gotta get get over here Yahoo get over here you aren't
so tough he respects that I hate to get
into the whip so quick but satanic congregation loves it say hail Satan for
me love it hail Satan let's get into it and find the dirt tonight oh we're gonna
bring Yahoo in here sit him down for everybody who doesn't know what the heck is going on yeah Yahoo is the one we
don't name right um he's the one with the son you know
killed him took all of your stuff because he loves killing children
Yahoo loves killing children now I can
tell you I can assure you this is
satanic to the core because it is so
precise and reason and
reasoned yeah reasoned pure reason this is the logos baby this is the
accounting what does Yahoo want you to
do you would think you would want to know what your God wanted you to do well
let's go to his mouth and see what he wants us to do but I'm warning you it's
I'm I'm going to spoiler is child [Laughter]
sacrifice yes yes it is child sacrifice like you've never seen it in the past in
the future brought to the present child
sacrifice to the great God Yahoo oh
fantastic see we call it here on satanic initiation here on lady Babylon here on
initiation apocalypse we call it exactly what it is Satan told me to do that said
something about credibility nobody will believe you if you ever say anything that you can't give them the source from
if you step aside young Alan that's what he say call me young Al if you step
aside from that for one hair's breadth yeah it'll never work and your
greatest hopes will be disappointed and then he said and don't take any money and I was like seriously
on the money he's like yeah don't take any money come on bro what do you have look at the people who are taking the
money love it let's get it out there okay let's hit the First Source where are we going tonight I'm drudging
drudging up out of the dirt I'm bringing you the first Oracle you mean we got to go to the oracles to see Yahoo yes Yahoo
is is only there because of the oracles let me show you let me show you
please here's the Greek jewy blow that thing up yeah okay this is the Pia this
is the great Oracle the pythian Oracle and what does she say she
says I honor and venerate the first Oracle of the Gods
the Great proantic Gaia after
her thus took the holy seat she was the second of that
mother and after her the third lot
fell willingly willingly to a
titanian named Phoebe okay pull that down I want you to
realize what you just had was a history of the Bron's age
oracles and you'll notice that the first the very first Oracle is a Woman They
Call Her Gaia they also call her G and
da and at elus they worship her as the
D okay do you see where we are cult wise I
dare you to get a pastor to do that come here Pastor John come here Pastor John
you know what I mean come here get [Laughter]
down come here yeah okay here we go are you ready is that that was that a mental thing I
don't know just metaphysics here are too hard to understand um let what are these
I want you to notice that these are all women number one they're all women so that when we're looking at the
anthropology and the history I want you to realize that these are all women
fantastic fantastic and um the first is the great
mother who is the earth she is the first one that
image has not been transmitted to your and my cultures it
hasn't it's been blocked instead we have
Yahoo and that's why you need to see what Yahoo was up to let's see okay so
we start with the oracles right it'll be apparent why we went there and just you
know enjoy it aren't they beautiful nice go to the next text what are we looking for in the
oracles we're looking for that first Mantic what does it mean to be man Mantic Mantic you know what Mantic is it
comes from the Greek verb minom my and what does that mean it means to be in a state of frenzy to be in a state of
frenzy you haven't saved yourself until you've lost yourself right and this
Mania will lose you fantastic so um who do you think it
is the smarties that are giv all the oracle right it's those women who've been on the drugs yes they're all on drugs oh
you don't believe me Yahoo gets mad about the drugs did you know that did
you know Yahoo's got a DEA yeah he does watch I'm G to show it to you it's
marvelous people nobody ever reads the nobody ever reads these texts anymore why is that I don't
know yeah here they are flash them up bring up the next text let's show what um what is she when I say Shia I mean
all three of those oracles all three of those women what are they they're the
prophets of God you mean when I say Prophet from what I call the Old
Testament that is a word that comes from the Greek and that um that wasn't in
what I call the Old Testament until the third Century BC yes yes everybody don't don't
forget it's a big deal right it's a big deal you go to the oldest stuff to see
what's going on with the language love it oh translation gets me going oh it's so
stinky in a good way kind of musky um let's go back to the Mantic the Mantic
is the one who's out of her mind she's out of her mind but notice that she's the she's the protom Mantis the prophet
of Theos yes of the right she's the prophet of God that
is her position okay you got a problem with that you got a problem with a female
being the voice of God you if you do you're under the influence of
Yahoo and you don't know the mother right you don't worship you got that's
where we went South people you cut off the mother what's
going to happen you're going to end up with Jesus Christ arrested in a public park at 4:00 a.m. with a naked boy
screaming I am not a child trafficker I said that in one
breath that's fantastic let's go to the next one who what else is she what is this woman that
we're looking at I'm trying to give a portrait of a woman here she's a mantis she's a mantis she's one who can enter
that stage yes and who is she she is Gia right she is Gaia and who else is
she she is theman and who is themus who is
thus she is law she is the one who stands for justice she is the one who
ensures that dek Justice is in your Society welcome this is themus you
didn't you didn't meet her because you haven't been to ausus
it's okay it's okay you know we were cut off cut off from our potential right now
we're end up all these Pharmaceuticals and you know H where
where's the brain going I don't know is there something growing out on the trees outside I don't know yeah it's nature
always the nature when you're with that thus that natural law I've got bad news
for all the misogynists it is feminine it is motherly oh God eat that eat that
Moira make him swallow that that's why it's punishment misogynists are just
living out their hell haven't you ever wondered that they're just living out their hell they
got sent here to get punished they don't realize it you're already in hell dummy
oh my God all right it's okay you know there's wardens and there's inmates go
ahead Phoebe who else is this woman that who aolone I'm trying to bring to you
it's Phoebe who's Phoebe she's the lightbringer she's the lightbringer yes
you didn't know that there's only a feeis Apollo because there was a Phoebe
before him oh wow you mean the Greeks recognized that their system of oracles
that their gods of mystery were based upon a woman and her voice yeah and they
had no problem with that right because that's nature bro what's wrong what's wrong with you you atheist or something
remember they call the Christians atheists not Christians
atheists if you don't have a problem with robbing Lady Justice you're
not going to get along with the rest of us very well yeah if you will tread all over Justice you
will look at these child sacrifices and you will love it you will lick it
up love it
Essence it's vampiric of you but that's how the that's how the people who have
been christed are how do you think they got their vampire Resurrection bodies oh
my God brains man it's all chewy it's it's fetal brain oh I love this not
fetal brain I love the the art the art right although you know uh let's go to
the next one let's go to the next one so okay here's where we're going to land people just look you want to see Yahoo
and all of his glory right look at verse nine look at verse nine this is where is this this septu agent a d theonomy yeah
Deuteronomy so he says if you come into the land which the Lord Lord God now
that word Lord there cuos that's what they always turn into
Yahweh sometimes it's Yahweh sometimes it's Elohim they couldn't get their stuff together and they didn't have
enough words right which is really the funny part um but for those of you who
don't know um ancient Hebrew um like other languages around the mediterranian
was not that advanced and they only had a few thousand unique words by the time
they were trying to reconstruct and create these texts take they took the Greek text and translated them what's
funny is everybody here thought the Dead Sea Scrolls were Hebrew copies of Greek
the funny oh no I'm sorry oh I gave you the punchline I'm terrible at jokes yeah
everybody thought they were Greek translations of Hebrew right no no no no
they were trying to back translate from the already long established Greek text the Old Testament that you love and
adore was originally written in Greek yeah love it oh God third Century fits
right Ino love it okay let's hit the let's hit the next one um yep so what's
gonna happen you're G to come into this land that Yahoo is gonna give you right
and um yeah don't do the delug that
those people are doing don't you don't you what the Delma chewy give me the
next slide theug that word is even hard to say look at this
thing that sounds like a lot it's plural so it's got to be a lot of that whatever
it is whatever he's got on himself it's it's yeah pollution baby pollution oh
doesn't sound like it the word sounds like pollution that's what Carl Ruck told me look I pulled the name that's
what Carl Ruck told me only because I have respect for him um that it sounds like we were talking about this couple
of these passages and he said it sounds like what it is you know it's on monop
Poetic love it go to the next one it's pollution I mean go back to the yep yep
go back um and so what happens when you come in into this land he says he says
yeah yeah um don't pass your children through the
fire don't purify them right what he says a better translation of that would
be what um don't purify a son or daughter in the fire right what else do
the people do he says that I'm going to give you their land I'm going to give it to you they already have big cities and
stuff I'm going to give it to you you're going to go in you're gonna make a new it's all going to be yours but there's a
plan there's a plan we have to kill everybody
there all right here we go let's see Yahoo what do you want what do you want
to do with the kids the babies let's see what he wants let's see what he advises
us to do and this is your god Christianity by the way church this is
your husband yeah yeah this is your husband in flesh he's
a killer and you love it you salivate over the stuff sick
people let's go back to the Deuteronomy what's going to have we're going to go in and these people now I'm telling you
right I'm I'm vo of Yahoo these people these people are going to be
doing things they're going to they're going to be MOS right
and they're going to be Monte on they're going to be doing what they're going to be doing Mantic things in a Mantic way
they're going to be making Mantic stuff seeing signs reading bird sign isn't
that nice taking the St what does he say in number 11 what does he say in number
11 oh isn't that gorgeous what's he gonna do he's gonna take away their drugs right why he says
the person using the drugs does epodes they enter into these chants and they do
their chance and you're gonna we can't do that you're gonna stop doing that
we're going to stop them from doing it how are we going to stop them from doing it God we're going to kill them all yes
fantastic go let's see it again this God is so so wonderful isn't he what else do
they do um they're inos and tercos they're tercos they're
looking for signs and miracles um and what else do they do they do this
INRI MOS thing where they bring out the voice from the inside it's a woman's
thing if you look it up something the women do and they bring it out from that
inside you would think it's the stomach but it's not right that's how they refer to being
being pregnant having iny right so something really neat going
on there but Yahoo wants us to kill them all so let's go next next s uh go back
to that one let me just make sure we didn't miss anything Yahoo told us to do takes down initiating apocalypse there
yeah here we go and there we go so these things are Delma 12 these things are
pollution to the Yahoo right and doing them is a bad thing right and he doesn't
want you to he says so I'm gonna go in and Destroy these people and you're gonna be toos you're gonna be what
you're gonna be toos well what does Yahoo want you to be
bring the bring the next slide I think I've got a picture of this thing no after Delma right
delug um no ah it'll come up later it'll come up later go back to the yeah let's
go back right we're still with we're still with Mo let's go Mo and Deuteronomy love it keep going by the
way for the people who say where are his sources they're sitting right in front of you fantastic go let's where are we
going did we get lost big big thing on the screen big brown thing okay perfect
thank you um yeah and so when you you're going to go in he says and you're going to disinherit them right and they're
going to be doing these things like trying to take signs being Mantic right
you're not supposed to follow these things right he says I'll give you they're on the price I'll give you a
profit right so they're using the same systems you ever noticed the Egyptians are doing exactly the same right right
so they're using the same systems but this Yahoo doesn't want you to just come
in and you know I don't know integrate he wants you to destroy these
people how does he want you to destroy them ready I'm gonna show you what the
text says God says are you ready let's
listen to the words of God isn't that satanic of me right isn't that satanic and by the way every time I hear of
somebody who couldn't watch or could only watch a few minutes or left the room anytime I hear these stories I get
so tickled because that's exactly that's exactly what the devil would do
beautiful it's gorgeous let's find out what happens
what do you want me to do Yahoo come on come on Yahoo get take your little pants down
Yahoo oh what a Heavenly bottom oh Yahoo say
Yahoo feels good let's go next Source look people
where did we get the Delma right look where it is it's here delug maton right
next to the bottom what is this text about this is the apocalypse this is the woman dressed up in the purple and do
you know what she has she has a golden cup right this she's got precious this thing is beautiful it's a gorgeous thing
and it's it's it's what is it inside of it the
Bel right those that and what is it it's it's the
aaria that which is not purged of the pora and what of the of
Lady Babylon when what is her pora the pora and I'll say this is look people
get excited and they get mad and angry I'm going to say this is scientifically
and educationally appropriate it as
possible it is her vaginal excretions yeah ones that are there
following coidus yeah or some kind of initiation
of uh the ejaculatory process now see we
can do this in a sophisticated way but that cup is what gives us the
death and the rebirth so that we can have ionic life so you better be paying
attention the practice of the Sacred name of
Rome is this mystery okay okay find her
find her name and you understand you have ears to hear eyes to
see all right there's something very important coming up something very
important because and I don't normally do this um but feel the burden because
people are riding me and say don't do this and I do I'm sorry it's a it's again it's a devil thing right I kind of
feel a burden right you oh you need me you need a gadfly okay let's see what
God says bring on God come on out God give us your oh yeah we got that's lady
Babylon we're we're done we saw her she's got the delug on her cup so tell us God are you ready everybody are you
ready everybody words of God right don't be
purifying your sons or daughters in the fire right don't be purifying what do
these people do who are there they purify their sons and daughters in the
fire okay okay fine um we got a DEA thing going right because all that is is
fumigation people and they use skin creams as well they do make Cuts in the skin and then cover them with the drug
they do do that so drug treatment right no wonder God said I'm gonna take away your drugs DEA was born right let's go
next one um what do we do take away all your pharmac Coy right this is your
pharmacos and what does he do he sings He chants right think of the combination of
drugs magic religion yeah is a medicine I'm sorry as
a form of medicine all these people are doctors right Pythagoras was right you don't yeah it's all around the body if
you think you can learn Pythagoras by reading the quotes of his students who lived hundreds of years after him um if
you think you can capture P capture Pythagoras in that good luck good luck
but you you you may not want to waste your time yeah yeah look at Pythagoras
from um his practice look at him as somebody who understood uh the Deep
details of all the interactions I mean the guy is traveling around just to try
the drugs that the Egyptian priests have and then the Magi have right good that
is what gets you to Pythagoras isn't that nice wouldn't we
want to send our people toward Pythagoras we need some kind of educational institutions that will grow
the brain actively love it love it let's go to the
next one where's we need that we need more direct quotes yeah he doesn't want the
people antic and he doesn't want the people seeing signs and what's he gonna
look what is what am I GNA do says cuos right right I'm going to off say
your your your people your ethne who are there in your land because it's your
land it's not yours yet but there are people there right whether they got there yesterday or hundred years ago is
irrelevant there are people there right and he says what am i g to do I'm gonna
Offa needs of them go let's show people what what God's going to do what what is God gonna do he's gonna
offu right people I'm sorry I gotta lean in on this one yeah yeah remove do away
with destroy obliterate secrete steal
obscure make way with make it disappear take that down look at that
I'm gonna make those I'm gonna just totally obliterate those people you know what Yahoo is Yahoo is a you know when
Yahoo said that the Olympians looked at each other
like seriously you know what kind of divinity
you watch here now remember he's going to command them to go into these cities
and just bomb the hell out of them right he he says the statues the images
everything you're going to obliterate it and then you're going to kill who who should we kill men
women children and the ones that are still on the breast kill them
all that's what Yahoo said kill them all yes now you think who is this Maniac
in Hell's Kitchen look at him I must be totally out of my mind tell me tell me
oh Muse tell me how this is practical right
now show me the child sacrifice here we go here we go let's go see it oh I can't
wait look people look at it read it so I'm just
putting up contemporary happenings that's all does that bother a lot of you
does it bother you to do that you mean I can put up ancient text and you don't
care but put up a modern one come on on get with it yeah
starvation starvation you mean you can use an army to induce starvation why of course you
can right it's one of the tricks of the historical trade of genocide do you
think that our century and the century before ours were the first to produce
genocides look people I've studied a lot of ancient history right a lot of it th
several thousand years and I can tell you just from that slice of
humanity that pie is full of genocide full of
genocide yeah it goes and comes one culture one century is being genocided
the next century is doing the genociding That's History that's human
history it's dark and it's ugly and it smells it's smells and it doesn't matter
if you're an Adolf Putin or an Adolf Hitler or an Adolf trump it does not
matter oh did we forget I forgot now because of the child sacrifice Adolf
Netanyahu we got to add him to the group it doesn't matter these people will
always be there historically they're like seeds through the timeline and our
job is to make sure they don't get to the point that they can kill
children right why why do we have that because we follow the great mother your
culture has no room for the great mother so they will look
away when the children become the targets yeah look away look away Look
Away don't see it you can't get away the great mother your fate doesn't care
right you're here you're here right now and let me tell you something there are two groups of people in the Underworld I
hate to you know spoiler spoiler alert I hate to spoil it but there are two
groups of people in the Underworld right there are those who either directly support or participate
in genocide and there are those who don't and you know what they have to be
put in different cell blocks yeah because there's even a
Justice in Hell there's a Justice there right nobody wants to be part of the
genocide nobody does here's the problem From antiqui
perspective you and I we share blood guilt you say what do
you mean what's that mean you can be indirectly responsible for killing
someone if you make it possible to happen or the higher standard and
Tartarus is you didn't say anything about it you let it happen if you permit
these things to happen you are just as guilty as if you are directly supporting
it so one hand we have the Christians who March forward Joshua's soldiers and
kill them all right they know where the blood guilt is right but for those of us
who are supporting it not speaking out and paying for it to happen yeah it
turns out they hold us responsible for that yeah you get a mark can you believe
that you get a mark you can never take it off
and they said the mark of Kan was bad you know what I mean holy mackerel so we
don't want that blood guilt right we don't want it that is the classical
civilized World giving its opinion that's the world that
Christianity cut off at the root and grew a new Society where people didn't
read eventually they did it caused a Renaissance and then Enlightenment yeah love it it was
Classics that they were reading people yeah now this opening in the new library that's coming oh oh oh boom it's gonna
be a nuclear bomb of the brain of
humanity oh God I can't wait to get those oh we got
to make those public those have to be people's you know it's your right as a human to see and to feel these words
from the ancient world the people who created democracy right love it let's let's keep
going oh God lovely images there chewy thank you tonight by the way for all the lovely images I think Chewy's doing a
fantastic job on the videos too um I really like tonight's videos um intro
and exit and thank you teddy for the excellent singing love it oh God look at
this um so the people who you're going to dis possess these are the ones who are doing all this Mantic stuff says the
Lord God and the next one come on where's the juicy stuff oh yeah I want
you to be complete what is complete next one will tell us what is complete says God to his people I want you to be
complete tetas yeah all they that belong to dianis do I now hold on hold on you
thought it was the other way around right you thought God was the originator C no no no this God Yahoo he doesn't
show up until way late way late like a
thousand years post when you would imagine or when the um narrative would
tell you he showed up yeah Yahoo's late man he's late God and he's all like kill
everybody right you don't think that's dionis have you read the baky main
character loses his head and it's torn off by his mom isn't that nice thank
that for a minute how many of you who have ever had the blood on your
hands yeah how many of you would think that could be purged by your mother
ripping your head off that Society is a society that gave us
democracy yeah it's a mother oriented society and in a mother oriented Society
none of the great Mother's armies are gen idal they don't kill
children they don't kill children now depending on the place because in some
regions women fought so you know women that's a totally different that's a totally different but the children right
that child sacrifice when he said when Yahoo Yahoo did you not say that you
wanted Abraham to sacrifice his own kid and what did he do he wasn't like what
who what are you crazy no he was just like
okay CZ he was Abraham and you think why why Abraham why did you accept that I
want to kill my own kid thing so quickly it's because everybody knows
Yahoo everybody knows Yahoo takes the sacrifice everybody knows
that yeah why do you think his people can call down fire right elah didn't you
notice that that was Phoenician baby yeah Jezebel um she's the one it was her
line that was preserving that by the way I slept in her Vineyard I slept in her Vineyard um and
when I was there one night h a Howitzer rolled up next to us boom because they
were shooting at Rockets coming out of not at Rockets but at the people who were shooting Rockets coming out of the
north right and I was like oh I bounced out of my bed it was so I didn't think concussion would be that
great but there you go it's probably what happened knock something loose you know what I mean um that was in
Jezebel's Vineyard she who commands that fire and you are not to pass your
children through the fire instead we're going to go in and kill them
all yeah that's God by the way that was God was I a good god cheey thumbs up for
God okay pretty good I gotta get better at God I gotta get God voice how do you do God voice
oh go okay um look look what's Happening Here people oh my God I just want you to
see that Bethlehem is involved this is all part and parcel of the same Beast
right all those prophecies Bethlehem bla guess where they're coming from right
they're coming from the invading force that is going to cleanse the land of
people who are already there okay history Baby Let's Roll Along with
history oh god let's give him his thirst let's say his thirst I'm telling you we're coming to a quote by God here
that's going to make you totally totally um love the fact that you're mourning
his death yeah love it love it and he says and I will totally destroy the
cities of the land yeah and I will tear down all their
towers and look at verse 11 and I will take away their drugs right out of their
hands and there's not going to be any more smart
talk wait what there's not going to be any more OPP of manoi what is that
that's when you sit around and exercise free speech and when you sit around and
calculate no more of that no more wise sayings no more wise say what what is
this an attack on this is an attack on the 3 Century Greek culture in which
Judaism was embedded and fighting for its survival and what did they do they made
a war against the Greeks and you can see it it's hilarious everything he says I'm
going to destroy I'm you're not in Canaanite culture you're in Greek
culture right it's funny the author screwed up because the author was really writing they're trying to pass this off
as something old but instead of writing about what would have been old historically they wrote about what was
in their own environment um this is not just something the Knuckleheads that
wrote the um septu it did um lot there were a lot of Roman Knuckleheads that
did the same thing right kind of misplaced history because they're reading modern ways of doing thing into
what was going on at a time when that didn't happen right so the the scholars
will sit around in their Circle Jerks and they'll talk about oh this is uh anachronistic or yes no this is you know
he's taking he's taking these gods and he's okay never mind ah this days of Scholars make me want to puke sometimes
um yeah yeah I was wild though they liked me at conferences cuz I was ready
to pound right I was like you going you going to do anything
here yeah I don't know why I don't know why I was always courteous though let's
um let's go to the next one oh yeah here what happened people look I'm gonna destroy the city I'm pull down the tower
take away your drugs look at verse 12 and I'm going to destroy your glupa and
your stalos I'm going to destroy your sculpted images and your monuments that
have writing on them really really now why is there that distinction because
the people who are writing this text the
how's that functional dude right H don't worry though Hebrew it happened to other
languages like Osa and uman those things died out too right even Latin got
dwarfed you know Latin stayed on the track in the west but God the Greeks
gave him a thrashing just a thrashing okay let's go why because ancient Greek
is superior okay I'm sorry but it is mathematically it is more
complex than any other language that I have ever interacted with that I
personally have experiened with yeah definitely definitely yeah now you know
why when you come into a Classics program they say take Latin first right why because you don't want to jump into
the depths and that's what it is it's the depths and we're so fortunate to be able to have access to these things give
me the next one I want to hear uh Yahoo tell me yah what do they
call him Yahweh right no way and Yahweh yah Yahweh um Yahoo tell me holy Yahoo
Yahweh tell me what is it what that you're G to do you're going to destroy
all that art and you're G to cut down their Groves and why are you going to
cut down their Groves because that is where they worship imagine the idea is
you have a a big Grove of trees and it usually has like a sacred stream
associated with it um and there are certain animals there and hunting is off
limits um if you stumble into a sacred grove and injure or damage a tree you're
in deep right that can cost you your life so what do they do they um it's
like putting ultimate protections it's like a natural Preserve right a natural Preserve
imagine that who got the idea for that yeah I thought it was I thought some
Teddy Roosevelt or something no no it turns out it's Greek and it's very very
old so what is Yahoo gonna do he's gonna March into your sacred grove with those
sacred trees that mean so much to your culture and he's going to cut them all down he's
going to cut them all down they're not even going to use the wood they're just going to destroy the place why because
that's what those people do that's what those people do they worship in those
Groves we're gon to totally destroy it we're going to blow up that building
because that's their church that's their mosque that's their synagogue they're going to blow it
up this happens in history over and over and over again it's cyclical right it's
like a virus it catches a population all of a sudden their military is a genocide
driven instrument right it doesn't matter if it's potin doesn't matter if it's
Netanyahu doesn't matter who it is in the past present or future it doesn't
matter it is a fragment of history and you can stand against it you can stand
against it or you can watch it happen and pay for it but don't say I Amon
didn't warn you because that stain will follow you it'll work on you up here
it'll follow you yeah once you've done it that's it you will never be the same
yeah how do we know that because we're pagans we know how nature works right you think I could look in the mirror and
be all Skippy if I knew I was starving some kid
somewhere put on the next one let's go oh look at this yes yes this is the
sit around and contemplate yeah let's go to the next one um he's gonna cut that
off too what else what else here's the INRI MOS I just wanted people to see that this is indeed um connected with
women and the oracles right good good that's what they're doing and that's what God hates right give it to me blow
it up chewy look now I want to take a quick Break um put it into high gear for
just two minutes and tell you what do we have here we got these poisons that come
out of these serpents and we can use those poisons to influence the plants
and the plants then will yield drugs themselves what do these drugs do Give
me the give me the next one what do these drugs do this is from the day or to wani describing the media's
medication right he says one of these drugs when you give it to someone and a drink causes minte
M causes your mind to go goofy okay and what else and it causes
you to become rabid right remember that frenzy I told you about oh God they made
her into Lissa they made her into Idol form into an image form when she was
Lissa and you know what she does she drives you nuts dogs too she drives dogs nuts too
yeah good let's go he didn't say that did he I think he did um then what
happens oh um we got snakes a couple of snakes in there I may have missed them
but we had a couple of snakes in there that I wanted you to see yeah it's one up look at look at this here oh no it
was yep no I'm sorry that's I'm out of order my fault I didn't catch that okay
um what are we going to do remember that red head that we caught people and those of you who went through satanic ination
initiation will all already know this red head we got a teenage red head full
of pimples um from an ancient document that was telling us take this teenage
redhead with pimples um tie him up put him on a skewer and um turn him around
in front of the fire to keep his body at a high body temperature and then it says
when he's sufficiently warmed up you know and his veins are all turgid then
you do the photomy and how do you do it you do it with transverse cuts across
the arms yeah that's what that text says can you believe that can you believe that yeah why are we doing this people
because we're milking him right we're getting the blood right and the blood is going to be used in the medicine right
okay keep going keep going boom and
and here we are here we are wait we had a red head there we were having barbecue it was fantastic what's going to happen
these things says Yahoo right you
remember you remember how my voice right it comes from the out of the middle of
that fire out of the middle of that fire right Moses he's there's a thing
going on with Moses here right this is The Exodus what is going on Yahoo and Moses are having a
conversation through a bush they're doing their serpent magic
together yeah turn things in serpents turn things out using that Rod that
robon oh wait a minute those of you are my Greek class you know that the robone is an instrument used by the bachans so
you were already one step ahead when I told you Moses had a robon it didn't surprise you right and he's there he's
doing the same thing the Egyptians are doing it's Isis and Osiris right and they're using the magic they're using
the Venoms yes and if you hold up go back to the text if you hold up that um
that serpent you know um remember this is Yahoo he speaks through that fire and
you say wait a minute Yahoo is using the same Avenue that they speak of the pagan
gods using that came before yaho yes
yes yeah yeah they can all look at each other right they can all look at each other people would say where's your wife
Yahoo right he using the same images this is the writer of this thing
of this septu these books of Moses that I'm quoting this is his reaction to his
surroundings right it's lovely authors sometimes will will you know they're like Puzzles you have to figure them out
you have to get in their head and figure out you know where is Shakespeare stealing his material from oh it's the
Zodiac of Life arrest that guy by the way island you shouldn't have put up
with that where's the queen all right let's not do that let's
go to the next one um yeah okay let's go to the next one oh God love these love
these Bible quotes yeah oh okay look look look look so what happens to Moses
you know he saw an angel right an angel appeared to him it's an angel of kuio oh sorry it's an
angel It's a Yahoo Angel and where did he appear in Puri in the fire but he's
not just in fire that's not the cult terminology right if he's in fire it
means he's you know somebody put him out he's in the Puri flos he's in the fire of the flocks what
is the flocks again that's the stuff that's in Jesus's
eyes in the apocalypse that's the stuff that's in Jesus's
eyes yeah yeah God from the fire did you
know that now you know why Yahoo was like come here Eve come here
AWA which is a baket cry come here aa aa was going to make Adam Adam she
was going to make him invulnerable yeah she was gonna put him
through the fire now unfortunately Lucifer got to her first
yeah did you ever notice by the way nobody ever notices this did you ever notice in the Book of Genesis which is a
Greek word in the Book of Genesis the
devil gets to Eve they do the fruit thing and then she
goes and takes it to Adam did you ever wonder that I wonder
what was it that the devil and Eve did that ended up them being naked
because you know that's what the Bible says I swear on the Holy Bible it says
you end up naked when you get the fruit you're eyes are open and you end up naked
whoops yeah and you know what happens naked person a naked person you know
what happens when naked people get together on fruit you know what H you know what's going to happen um there was
a reason right that Yahoo was so pissed off from the very beginning this is not
a happy God right Yahoo is not happy if you wonder why people who were following
Yahoo if they're yelling out Yahoo if you know what I mean if they're doing them you
got to wonder why is it it's because that's what he does that's what he
does right they are gods that the Romans would evacuate from a place and adopt as
their own and they're Gods that they wouldn't yeah Yahoo is one that they
wouldn't Yahoo is one that they went and cursed why do you know why you got to
get up at 4: in the morning cuz they come to your door banging on your door
you're gonna see this guy we got another child trafficker his name's Jesus you
get up and you ask him a bunch of questions oh what he got what he got for me Jesus Oh the truth oh [__] here we go
again can you feel the the depressive
anxiety of pontious pilate my God man we
got to deal with more of this no Yahoo was never imported to
Rome they did Gods from all over the other world the rest of the
Mediterranean why didn't they do it for for for Yahoo
right did you know the name Jerusalem Greek right it's not Hebrew right the
Hebrew wasn't around the Greek was there way before the Hebrew was what is it it's a perfect it's a
name that's beautifully done in Greek don't you understand why the rough
breathing on theier andem didn't you understand why that disa had to disappear in the Hebrew
because they couldn't represent it right so yeah yeah turns out holy man it's
holy yeah it's not what you think it's holy it's whoever is propagating the
history that is not using the sources those people are they've
gotten they've gotten away with a lot right in your last 2,000 years yeah
thank you know thank Athena that a few people stood up you know and said no not
going to do this yeah people got to be free we're going back to that old way
you know we're not going to have a theocracy thank you very much right who wants a theocracy anybody out there want
a theocracy I can tell you a whole bunch of them in history that none of them was
good none of them was good okay um Yahoo what come on let's
get the incriminating evidence against Yahoo done um look here's mark here's
Mark Writing he says now about the resurrection from the dead right you know that in the book of Moses right
what happened God spoke to him epu through the power of that bush the
batos what's a batos go to the next what the what is a batos this is the bush
that burns right but it isn't consumed are you listening to me satanic
congregation a
bush that burns but is not
consumed I'll leave that with you in your decoder um but if you want to go just a
little bit deeper and see why I managed to bring out the redhe head let's go to the next slide boom yep what is that BOS
look it's a bramble it's a bramble it's it's a bramble where have I seen this
Bramble before next chewy where have I seen this Bramble we're going to hurry up cuz people are being gracious um look
remember that toad we picked up wait wait remember this was last week we picked up a toad we went to this cult
event they're sitting there with this red head he's like oh right or did they sedate him first I can't remember I
think yeah there was a DJ and the music was going it was a Hopping party right
we were all going to get that blood and what happened um somebody took a
toad did you drink that stuff they took a toad and they were fermenting this
thing adding all sorts of kind of stuff to it and this is oh it's the Bramble
toad it's the Bramble toad you mean that bush has a toad well you know things
happen nature um and the toad speaks through the bush the fire anyway you can
you can take the ingredients you can do what you want with them you can walk on and go your way but if you want to hear
the voice of God and you want to be a prophet you have to plug in you have to
plug in right and that's what Yahoo is doing he is already plugged into the
system and now he has to get rid of all that is unlike him he must Purge the
system your God Judaism Christianity the Islam your God is a destroyer of the
system do you want to know who can testify to this there are dead people
and people dying who will stand up
someday when you and I are there and we have to look them right in the face and
to be honest I don't like the fact that that blood through the money is all over
our American hands I don't feel good about that at all you I know the United
States Marine Corps United States Marine Corps they're not going to be doing that they're not going to be starving
children no they're going to be doing what the air for is doing trying to drop that stuff out those supplies out did
you see those people get run over did you see them get ground into the
ground yes it is a sacrifice it is a
Sacrifice from a an historical perspective it is a sacrifice to a God
who demands child sacrifice now let's look at where God actually says because
I'm gonna do some magic now I know you're waiting you're like oh God here we go here's the magic here's the
present are you ready for the present Give me the give me the next one go right no no no keep going no we're g to
skip right to right to here go ahead and give me that one yeah yeah yeah um back
to Moses no no no no right here let's go right there boom okay God here it is
everybody here's his testimony and we're gonna bring it right into the future bring it right into the
now oh here we go are you ready I'm going to
bless those of you who grab those children and smash them on
the Rocks that's what you do you go in and you grab those little kids by the ankles
and you smash their heads on rocks says
God okay put a dash after that quote and put God God wants you to smash
heads okay and you're going to say what is it's the kitchen again I'm in Hell's
Kitchen again this lunatic this is totally irrelevant go hit the hit the
news let's see the let's see it right okay there it is right right Starving
Children okay now how do we know this isn't an accident well let's see let's see the next one let's go how do we know
this isn't just an accident oh go skip down I want you to skip down right to
here go to there um this is from Mother Jones the dangerous history behind
netanyahu's AMC rhetoric behind his AMC rhetoric wait what the recent Biblical
reference has long been used by the Israeli farri right to justify killing
Palestinians interesting article let's see seriously are they serious here we
need a direct quote maybe from from Netanyahu himself look at the bottom of
this you must remember what amalec has done to you says our Holy
Bible you must remember wait what um no what did AMC say give me the next slide
because fortunately we brought amalec with us right and what does he say what
does the passage say this is in uh 1 Samuel chapter 15 and what is the look
at the third line those first two words kuio Sab you know who's saying all this
stuff this is the Lord the Yahoo
of Sabbath okay and what does the L Yahoo of Sabbath say he says you're going to
go into AMC and you're gonna avenge you you know we were on the road from Egypt
right and he jumped us you know what we're gonna do I want you to go in there I want you to kill them all kill them
all look at what God says in the um uh fourth to last line now I got to warn
you this fourth to last line here was taken out of the Bible it was taken out um for
whatever reason the Hebrew was incapable of of expressing it or because for some
reason somebody thought oh this is a little bit stingy we're going to take it out but what does it say it says you will dedicate them to the god that is to
him what does that mean that means their sacrifices to be killed and there is a
man there he says you can do it to the men and the women and I want you to do it
I want you to do it from the kids all the way down to the ones that
are breastfeeding right and what do you do you smash heads you know you know that's
the easiest thing that you can do there killing an infant apparently according to the religion of the Great and
Powerful wonderful God that we all serve fan fantastic you people are
amazing love it love your God what a God you've got look at this look at this um
yes right here just one more image thank you Reuters this is from Reuters that
kid is undoubtedly dead yeah starvation right and where does the starvation
start is it going to start with the most vulnerable in the population right but
um that's how it goes when you're trying to wipe out any group do you think these are the first PE people humans who have
ever been starved to death look who was doing it the Romans were doing it to the
to the people of Jerusalem uh 2,000 years ago they
starved him to death yeah those PE they were eating each other yeah can you
believe that you got to be desperate to do something like that yeah but this is
how it works people this is how it works if you're going to be
stained um you got to call a spade a spade bro there's no you know there's no
getting out of it okay a couple more there's just two more and then we're going to cut it out I wanted to I wanted
to um end with the protoman I wanted to end with the prophecy because now that
you're looking at the child's sacrifice in the face as you're watching it happen
be it albe it from a distance as you're watching it happen I want you to hear the words of that Earth
Oracle maybe this will make some sense um open it up chorus give us the what is
the prophecy um this is great you guys are getting yep you guys are getting a prophecy tonight um yeah what do you say
chorus the chorus says if someone goes
around doing outrageous things with hand or
with word being unafraid of
justice and disrespectful of the oracular
seat May
Moira be the one who takes that person
into the depths of what is evil yeah yeah
yeah let Moira let your fade because that's the way um Pagan Mysteries were
oriented that you can't do anything here that isn't done for a reason there is no
chance right and you are here for your punishment your punishment is bearing
that blood and she
the image that we are bringing as the satanic congregation she won't abide that she is
Nemesis the armies of the world who in engage in
genocide um and I would include anybody who's shooting at hospitals anybody
who's blown up maternity Wards I don't care if it's with who made the missiles and where they come from right everybody
who paid for it is culpable everybody who didn't stand up
culpable we are buying this Slaughter and we are giving to Yahoo exactly what
he wants yeah yeah I'm sorry to end on such a such a
note but I wanted you to have some
sobering present fulfillment of these texts um you know
these texts are talking about doing things that defense ministers are quoting the very name
amalik has given a liberty to destroy um and
we we are all watching it yeah I say damn Yahoo and Hell
[Music]
Satan Godzilla Big in Japan de purple cap it's and
frino they look for ch ch everywhere I go flipping tables cashing checks down
the Brick Road with the flowers of evil The Man Who Laughs
more gr shiny trees with magic beans Darkness through
dreams hit them with the weight of the Triple Beam Elemental
be k l doing my thing purple cush
blazing psychic powerful dreamer with the de
[Music] green